docs(openid-connect) update OpenID Connect docs (#1591)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/openid-connect/index.md

You should specify the `realm` or `iss` for this parameter if you don't have discovery endpoint.

Next you should decide what authentication methods do you want to use with this plugin, so please configure:
`config.auth_methods`

That parameter should contain only the authentication methods that you want to use, otherwise you
unneccessarily widen the attack surface.

In many cases you will also need to specify `config.client_id`, and if your IdP/OP requires authentication
on e.g. token endpoint you will need to specify `config.client_secret` too.

If you are using a public idp, like Google, it is suggested that you limit the audience with:
`config.audience_required` to contain only your `config.client_id`. You may also need to adjust
`config.audience_claim` in case your IdP doesn't follow OpenID Connect standard.

Also if you are using Kong in db-less mode with declarative configuration, you do want to set up
`config.session_secret` if you are using session authentication method. Otherwise each of your Nginx
workers across all your nodes would encrypt and sign the cookies with their own secrets.

> We suggest you to start with these, and test that the flows or authentication methods work, before diving to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We suggest you start with these properties and test that the flows or authentication methods work, before diving to
```

other configuration settings. Below we document all the configuration options.

> *TL;DR.:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*TL;DR:*
```

Please configure:
1. `config.issuer`
2. `config.auth_methods`
3. `config.client_id` (and in many cases `config.client_secret`)
4. `config.audience_required` (if using public IdP)

> 5. `config.session_secret` (if using Kong in db-less mode)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. `config.session_secret` (if using Kong in DB-less mode)
```

#### Descriptions

Parameter ¹                          | Description
------------------------------------:|------------
`issuer`                             | The issuer `url` from which OpenID Connect configuration can be discovered.

> `discovery_headers_names`            | Extra header names that you want to include in discovery requests (such as `Authorization`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`discovery_headers_names`            | Extra header names that you should include in discovery requests (such as `Authorization`).
```

> `discovery_headers_values`           | Values for the extra headers that you want to include in discovery requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`discovery_headers_values`           | Values for the extra headers that you should include in discovery requests.
```

> `extra_jwks_uris`                    | If your IdP uses other JWKS to sign e.g. access tokens that are not found with OpenID Connect discovery, you can define additional uris with this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`extra_jwks_uris`                    | If your IdP uses other JWKS to sign, e.g., access tokens that are not found with OpenID Connect discovery, you can define additional URIs with this property.
```

> `rediscovery_lifetime`               | When JWKS have been rotated, the plugin tries to automatically fetch a new ones when needed. With this parameter you can limit the plugin to only do re-discovery on evert n seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rediscovery_lifetime`               | After JWKS rotate, the plugin tries to automatically fetch new ones when needed. With this parameter, you can limit the plugin to only do re-discovery every _n_ seconds.
```

> `auth_methods`                       | The supported authentication methods you want to enable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`auth_methods`                       | The supported authentication methods you should enable.
```

`client_id`                          | The `client_id` of the OpenID Connect client registered in OpenID Connect Provider.
`client_secret`                      | The `client_secret` of the OpenID Connect client registered in OpenID Connect Provider.

> `client_arg`                         | Allows you to define client argument name used to pick up the right client configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`client_arg`                         | Allows you to define the client argument name used to pick up the right client configuration.
```

`redirect_uri`                       | The `redirect_uri` of the client defined with `client_id` (also used as a redirection uri on authorization code flow).
`login_redirect_uri`                 | If `login_action` is `redirect`, here you can set up the redirection url for that.
`logout_redirect_uri`                | On logout this is the url where the client is redirected after logout is done (used also for `post_logout_redirect_uri`).
`forbidden_redirect_uri`             | Instead of responding with HTTP status code 403, send a 302 redirect with the defined uri.
`forbidden_error_message`            | Error message to return with forbidden response.

> `forbidden_destroy_session`          | Whether or not the session is also destroyed on forbidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`forbidden_destroy_session`          | Whether or not the session is also destroyed upon a forbidden response.
```

`unauthorized_redirect_uri`          | Instead of responding with HTTP status code 401, send a 302 redirect with the defined uri.
`unauthorized_error_message`         | Error message to return with unauthorized response.
`unexpected_redirect_uri`            | Instead of responding with HTTP status code 500, send a 302 redirect with the defined uri.

> `response_mode`                      | The response mode used with authorization endpoint (e.g. authorization code flow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`response_mode`                      | The response mode used with the authorization endpoint (e.g., authorization code flow).
```

> `response_type`                      | The response type used with authorization endpoint (e.g. authorization code flow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`response_type`                      | The response type used with the authorization endpoint (e.g., authorization code flow).
```

`scopes`                             | The scopes to be requested from OP.

> `audience`                           | The audience passed to authorization endpoint, also used for verification of `aud` claim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`audience`                           | The audience passed to the authorization endpoint, also used for verification of `aud` claim.
```

`scopes_required`                    | The scopes required to be present in access token (or introspection results) for successful authorization.
`scopes_claim`                       | The Name of the claim (or a path) where the scopes can be found.
`audience_required`                  | The audience required to be present in access token (or introspection results) for successful authorization.
`audience_claim`                     | The Name of the claim (or a path) where the audience can be found.
`domains`                            | The domains to be verified against the `hd` claim.
`max_age`                            | The `max_age` (in seconds) for the previous authentication, specifically the `auth_time` claim.
`authenticated_groups_claim`         | The Name of the claim (or a path) where the authenticated groups can be found.

> `authorization_endpoint`             | The url of authorization endpoint that can be used to override the standard authorization endpoint announced in discovery document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`authorization_endpoint`             | The URL of the authorization endpoint that can be used to override the standard authorization endpoint announced in the discovery document.
```

> `authorization_query_args_names`     | Extra query argument names that you want to include in authorization endpoint query string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`authorization_query_args_names`     | Extra query argument names that you should include in the authorization endpoint query string.
```

> `authorization_query_args_values`    | Values for the extra query arguments that you want to include in authorization endpoint query string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`authorization_query_args_values`    | Values for the extra query arguments that you should include in the authorization endpoint query string.
```

> `authorization_query_args_client`    | These parameters are passed from client request to authorization endpoint (use this for parameters such as `login_hint`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`authorization_query_args_client`    | These parameters are passed from client request to the authorization endpoint; use this value for parameters such as `login_hint`.
```

`authorization_cookie_name`          | The name of authorization code flow cookie that is used for verifying the responses from OpenID Connect provider.
`authorization_cookie_lifetime`      | Authorization cookie lifetime in seconds.
`authorization_cookie_path`          | The `Path` parameter of the authorization cookie.
`authorization_cookie_domain`        | The `Domain` parameter of the authorization cookie.
`authorization_cookie_samesite`      | The `Same-Site` parameter of the authorization cookie.
`authorization_cookie_httponly`      | The `HTTP Only` flag of the authorization cookie.
`authorization_cookie_secure`        | The `Secure` flag of the authorization cookie.

> `token_endpoint`                     | The url of token endpoint that can be used to override the standard token endpoint announced in discovery document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_endpoint`                     | The URL of the token endpoint that can be used to override the standard token endpoint announced in the discovery document.
```

> `token_endpoint_auth_method`         | Used to override any defaults or `token_endpoint_auth_methods_supported` from discovery when authenticating on token endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_endpoint_auth_method`         | Used to override any defaults or `token_endpoint_auth_methods_supported` from discovery when authenticating on the token endpoint.
```

> `token_headers_names`                | Extra arguments names that you want to include in token endpoint requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_headers_names`                | Extra arguments names that you should include in token endpoint requests.
```

> `token_headers_values`               | Values for the extra arguments that you want to include in token endpoint requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_headers_values`               | Values for the extra arguments that you should include in token endpoint requests.
```

> `token_headers_client`               | When Kong calls token endpoint, you can specify the headers that Kong will pass to token endpoint from client request headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_headers_client`               | When Kong calls a token endpoint, you can specify the headers that Kong will pass to the token endpoint from client request headers.
```

> `token_headers_replay`               | When Kong calls token endpoint, you can specify the headers that you want the Kong to send back to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_headers_replay`               | When Kong calls the token endpoint, you can specify the headers that you want Kong to send back to the client.
```

> `token_headers_prefix`               | If you want you can prefix the token endpoint headers with a string to differentiate them from other headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_headers_prefix`               | If you want, you can prefix the token endpoint headers with a string to differentiate them from other headers.
```

`token_headers_grants`               | You can limit the grants for which the token headers are replayed.

> `token_post_args_names`              | Extra arguments names that you want to include in token endpoint post args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_post_args_names`              | Extra argument names that you want to include in token endpoint post arguments.
```

> `token_post_args_names`              | Extra arguments names that you want to include in token endpoint post args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_post_args_names`              | Extra arguments names that you want to include in token endpoint post arguments.
```

> `token_post_args_names`              | Extra arguments names that you want to include in token endpoint post args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_post_args_names`              | Extra argument names that you want to include in token endpoint post arguments.
```

> `token_post_args_names`              | Extra arguments names that you want to include in token endpoint post args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_post_args_names`              | Extra argument names that you should include in token endpoint post args.
```

> `token_post_args_names`              | Extra arguments names that you want to include in token endpoint post args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_post_args_names`              | Extra arguments names that you want to include in token endpoint post arguments.
```

> `token_post_args_values`             | Values for the extra arguments that you want to include in token endpoint post args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_post_args_values`             | Values for the extra arguments that you want to include in token endpoint post arguments.
```

> `token_post_args_values`             | Values for the extra arguments that you want to include in token endpoint post args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_post_args_values`             | Values for the extra arguments that you want to include in token endpoint post arguments.
```

> `token_post_args_client`             | These parameters are passed from client request to token endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_post_args_client`             | These parameters are passed from client request to the token endpoint.
```

> `token_post_args_client`             | These parameters are passed from client request to token endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_post_args_client`             | These parameters are passed from the client request to the token endpoint.
```

> `introspection_endpoint`             | The url of introspection endpoint that can be used if the OP doesn't announce a non-standard introspection endpoint in discovery document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`introspection_endpoint`             | The URL of introspection endpoint that can be used if the OP doesn't announce a non-standard introspection endpoint in discovery document.
```

> `introspection_hint`                 | Use this parameter if you want to change introspection request `token_type_hint` argument to something else than the default `access_token`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`introspection_hint`                 | Use this parameter if you want to change the introspection request `token_type_hint` argument to something other than the default `access_token`.
```

> `introspection_headers_names`        | Extra arguments names that you want to include in introspection requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`introspection_headers_names`        | Extra argument names that you want to include in introspection requests.
```

`introspection_headers_values`       | Values for the extra arguments that you want to include in introspection requests.

> `introspection_post_args_names`      | Extra arguments names that you want to include in introspection endpoint post args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`introspection_post_args_names`      | Extra argument names that you want to include in introspection endpoint post arguments.
```

> `introspection_post_args_values`     | Values for the extra arguments that you want to include in introspection endpoint post args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`introspection_post_args_values`     | Values for the extra arguments that you want to include in introspection endpoint post arguments.
```

> `introspection_post_args_client`     | These parameters are passed from client request to introspection endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`introspection_post_args_client`     | These parameters are passed from the client request to the introspection endpoint.
```

> `introspect_jwt_tokens`              | Enable this option to also introspect JWT tokens (and not only those opaque ones). Can be used to check revocation of JWT tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`introspect_jwt_tokens`              | Enable this option to also introspect JWT tokens (and not only those opaque ones). It can be used to check the revocation of JWT tokens.
```

`revocation_endpoint`                | If `revocation_endpoint` is not specified in discovery (as it is not standardized by OpenID Connect), you can specify it manually.

> `end_session_endpoint`               | If `end_session_endpoint` is not specified in discovery, you can specify it manually (e.g. you can use your own non-OpenID Connect logout endpoint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`end_session_endpoint`               | If `end_session_endpoint` is not specified in discovery, you can specify it manually (e.g., you can use your own non-OpenID Connect logout endpoint).
```

> `token_exchange_endpoint`            | Token exchange endpoint, if you want to exchange the access token to a new one before proxying to upstream service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token_exchange_endpoint`            | The token exchange endpoint, if you want to exchange the access token to a new one before proxying to upstream service.
```

> `session_secret`                     | Secret that is used to encrypt session data (we auto-generate it by default, and store it elsewhere).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`session_secret`                     | The secret that is used to encrypt session data. The plugin auto-generates it by default, and stores it elsewhere.
```

`session_cookie_name`                | The name of session cookie when session authentication is enabled.
`session_cookie_lifetime`            | Session cookie lifetime in seconds.

> `session_cookie_renew`               | Seconds left in session cookie lifetime that triggers a new session cookie to be send to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`session_cookie_renew`               | Seconds left in the session cookie lifetime that triggers a new session cookie to be sent to the client.
```

`jwt_session_claim`                  | Name of the claim that is checked against the `jwt_session_cookie` (used only for additional JWT verification).
`jwt_session_cookie`                 | Name of the cookie that contains a value for a claim defined with `jwt_session_claim` (used only for additional JWT verification).
`bearer_token_param_type`            | The types of delivery mechanisms for the bearer token parameter.
`client_credentials_param_type`      | The types of delivery mechanisms for the client credentials.
`password_param_type`                | The types of delivery mechanisms for the username and password.
`id_token_param_type`                | The types of delivery mechanisms for the ID token parameter.
`id_token_param_name`                | The name of the payload parameter where the ID token is delivered for verification.
`refresh_token_param_type`           | The types of delivery mechanisms for the refresh token parameter.
`refresh_token_param_name`           | The name of the payload parameter where the refresh or offline token is delivered.

> `refresh_tokens`                     | Enable or disable automatic expiring access token refreshing if the plugin has access to refresh token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`refresh_tokens`                     | Enable or disable automatic expiring access token refreshing if the plugin has access to the refresh token.
```

`upstream_headers_claims`            | Claims to look from which to create upstream headers.
`upstream_headers_names`             | Upstream headers to create for the matching claims.

> `upstream_access_token_header`       | The name of upstream header where the access token is injected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`upstream_access_token_header`       | The name of the upstream header where the access token is injected.
```

> `upstream_access_token_jwk_header`   | The name of upstream header where the JWK used for Access token verification is injected (if any).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`upstream_access_token_jwk_header`   | The name of the upstream header where the JWK used for Access token verification is injected (if any).
```

> `upstream_id_token_header`           | The name of upstream header where the ID token is injected (if any).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`upstream_id_token_header`           | The name of the upstream header where the ID token is injected (if any).
```

> `upstream_id_token_jwk_header`       | The name of upstream header where the JWK used for ID token verification is injected (if any).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`upstream_id_token_jwk_header`       | The name of the upstream header where the JWK used for ID token verification is injected (if any).
```

> `upstream_refresh_token_header`      | The name of upstream header where the Refresh token is injected (if any).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`upstream_refresh_token_header`      | The name of the upstream header where the refresh token is injected (if any).
```

> `upstream_user_info_header`          | The name of upstream header where the User Info is injected (if any).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`upstream_user_info_header`          | The name of the upstream header where the User Info is injected (if any).
```

> `upstream_introspection_header`      | The name of upstream header where the introspection results are injected (if any).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`upstream_introspection_header`      | The name of the upstream header where the introspection results are injected (if any).
```

> `upstream_session_id_header`         | The name of upstream header where the session id is injected (if any).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`upstream_session_id_header`         | The name of the upstream header where the session id is injected (if any).
```

`downstream_headers_claims`          | Claims to look from which to create downstream headers.
`downstream_headers_names`           | Downstream headers to create for the matching claims.
`downstream_access_token_header`     | The name of downstream header where the access token is injected.
`downstream_access_token_jwk_header` | The name of downstream header where the JWK used for Access token verification is injected (if any).
`downstream_id_token_header`         | The name of downstream header where the ID token is injected (if any).
`downstream_id_token_jwk_header`     | The name of downstream header where the JWK used for ID token verification is injected (if any).
`downstream_refresh_token_header`    | The name of downstream header where the Refresh token is injected (if any).
`downstream_user_info_header`        | The name of downstream header where the User Info is injected (if any).
`downstream_introspection_header`    | The name of downstream header where the introspection results are injected (if any).

> `downstream_session_id_header`       | The name of downstream header where the session id injected (if any).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`downstream_session_id_header`       | The name of the downstream header where the session ID is injected (if any).
```

`logout_revoke`                      | Revoke tokens from IdP on logout by calling `revocation_endpoint`.
`logout_revoke_access_token`         | If `logout_revoke` is turned on, this controls whether or not `access_token` is revoked on logout.
`logout_revoke_refresh_token`        | If `logout_revoke` is turned on, this controls whether or not `refresh_token` is revoked on logout.

> `credential_claim`                   | Name of the claim that is used to set arbitrary credential (can be used with e.g. rate-limiting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`credential_claim`                   | The name of the claim that is used to set an arbitrary credential, e.g., it can be used with rate-limiting).
```

`anonymous`                          | If `consumer_claim` is specified, but consumer is not found, allow fallback to a consumer defined by this property.
`run_on_preflight`                   | A boolean value that indicates whether the plugin should run (and try to authenticate) on `OPTIONS` pre-flight requests, if set to false then `OPTIONS` requests will always be allowed.
`leeway`                             | The leeway (in seconds) that is used to adjust the possible clock skew between the OP and Kong (used in all time related verifications).
`verify_parameters`                  | Enables or disables verification of the plugin parameters against the discovery documentation rules (for debugging).
`verify_nonce`                       | Enables or disables verification of the nonce used in authorization code flow (for debugging).
`verify_claims`                      | Enables or disables verification of the standard claims (for debugging).
`verify_signature`                   | Enables or disables verification of the signature (for debugging).

> `ignore_signature`                   | Disabled signature verification of access token on specified flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ignore_signature`                   | Disables signature verification of access token on specified flows.
```

> `cache_ttl`                          | Default cache expiry time in seconds when the one is not specified in a token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cache_ttl`                          | Default cache expiry time in seconds when one is not specified in a token.
```

> `cache_ttl_max`                      | Maximum cache expiry time in seconds (override the one specified in a token).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cache_ttl_max`                      | Maximum cache expiry time in seconds (overrides the one specified in a token).
```

> `cache_ttl_min`                      | Minimum cache expiry time in seconds (override the one specified in a token).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cache_ttl_min`                      | Minimum cache expiry time in seconds (overrides the one specified in a token).
```

> `cache_ttl_neg`                      | Time in seconds  until cache misses will expire (override the one specified in a token).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cache_ttl_neg`                      | Time in seconds until cache misses expire (overrides the one specified in a token).
```

The OpenID Provider configuration and JWKS are discovered using the
`config.issuer` configuration parameter. Set this to a location where
the plugin will find the `/.well-known/openid-configuration` discovery

> endpoint. This parameter accepts only URLs. If you don't have discovery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
endpoint. This parameter accepts only URLs. If you don't have a discovery
```

> endpoint, specify value of `iss` claim (used with tokens) here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
endpoint, specify the value of the `iss` claim (used with tokens) here.
```

* `https://accounts.google.com/.well-known/openid-configuration`

#### config.discovery_headers_names

> Extra arguments names that you want to include in discovery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extra argument names that you want to include in discovery
```

request headers (such as `Authorization`).

#### config.discovery_headers_values

Values for the extra arguments that you want to include in
discovery request headers.

#### config.extra_jwks_uris

Some identity providers sign access tokens with different JWK-keys than

> what they use to sign id tokens, and they don't necessarily reveal the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
what they use to sign ID tokens, and they don't necessarily reveal the
```

> public keys in OpenID Connect discovery. With this parameter you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public keys in OpenID Connect discovery. With this parameter, you can
```

define alternative URIs where the plugin can find the additional keys
used to verify signatures.

**Examples:**

* `"https://pingfederate.com:9031/ext/jwks"`

#### config.rediscovery_lifetime

With this parameter you can configure how often (in seconds) you
want to allow the plugin to do re-discovery (OpenID Connect Discovery)
and load extra JWKS (`config.extra_jwks_uris`). This parameter is

> there to prevent plugin from hitting your IdPs discovery endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
there to prevent the plugin from hitting your IdPs discovery endpoint
```

> too often. The plugin only re-discovers when it sees a need for that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
too often. The plugin only re-discovers when it sees a need for that purpose,
```

> E.g. when you have rotated keys on IdP and you try to access a service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e.g., when you have rotated keys on IdP and you try to access a service
```

with a token that has been signed with a JWK using a `kid` that
is not known to Kong. Then the plugin tries to reload the JWKS,

> and tries to do find the right `kid` again. Setting this to `0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and tries to find the right `kid` again. Setting this to `0`
```

will make the plugin always re-discover when needed.

Default | Required
:------:|:-------:
`300`   | `no`

**Examples:**

* `300`
* `0`

#### config.auth_methods

This so called all-in-one plugin supports many different methods to
authenticate the request using 3rd party OP. This parameter is an
array that lists all the authentication methods that you want the
plugin to accept, and the array can contain following values:

* `"password"`
* `"client_credentials"`
* `"authorization_code"`
* `"bearer"`
* `"introspection"`
* `"kong_oauth2"`
* `"refresh_token"`
* `"session"`

*password*

> This enables password grant. To use this authentication method you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables a password grant. To use this authentication method you
```

can either `Authorization: Basic username:password` header where
`username:password` can optionally be base64 encoded as defined in
HTTP Basic authentication specification. You can also send `username`
and `password` fields with those names to Kong as a payload.

*client_credentials*

Similar to `password` grant, but this time you have to send `client_id`
and `client_secret` as `Authorization: Basic client_id:client_secret`
header. You can also send `client_id` and `client_secret` as a payload
to Kong (with those names).

*authorization_code*

This enables (mostly) interactive authorization code flow, where Kong

> initiates the process and sends redirect to OP to the client. Authorization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
initiates the process and sends a redirect to OP to the client. Authorization
```

code flow is also the one that we use as the last fallback (when enabled)
if no other authentication methods match the request.

*bearer*

This enables Kong to look for `Authorization: Bearer <token>` header. The
`<token>` can either be a value token (signed JWT token aka JWS token) or

> it can be opaque token. For value tokens Kong does signature verification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it can be an opaque token. For value tokens, Kong does signature verification
```

> and standard claims verification (e.g. expiration checks, and many other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and standard claims verification (e.g., expiration checks, and many other
```

OpenID Connect standardized claims). For opaque tokens Kong can try to
`introspect` them, if introspection is enabled as one of the authentication
methods. On version `0.1.1` we also look bearer token in `Access-Token`,
and `X-Access-Token` headers.

*introspection*

> If a bearer token is provided as opaque token, Kong can try to verify it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a bearer token is provided as an opaque token, Kong can try to verify it
```

by using introspection.

*kong_oauth2*

A special version of opaque tokens are the ones issued by Kong OAuth 2.0
authentication plugin. This plugin can be used to verify those as well.

*session*

> Kong can optionally setup session using HTTP only cookie between the client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kong can optionally set up a session using an HTTP-only cookie between the client
```

verification, you won't need to configure this.

#### config.client_arg

Sometimes you need to use different client or client parameters,

> e.g. when you use this plugin in front of multiple services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e.g., when you use this plugin in front of multiple services.
```

from following config parameters:

* `config.client_id`
* `config.client_secret`
* `config.redirect_uri`
* `config.login_redirect_uri`
* `config.logout_redirect_uri`
* `config.forbidden_redirect_uri`
* `config.unauthorized_redirect_uri`
* `config.unexpected_redirect_uri`

If you want to override default `client_id` value you can use
this config parameter to define one. Then we look for value
in following order (the default `client_id` is used here as
example):

* header `X-Client-ID` or `Client-ID`
* query argument `client_id`
* post argument `client_id`

If you specify `config.client_arg` with value `client_config` then
the plugin tries to find value from:

* header `X-Client-Config` or `Client-Config`
* query argument `client_config`
* post argument `client_config`

The value stored in the parameter can be `integer` or actual
`client_id` found in `config.client_id`. In case it is an integer,
that is used to pick up correct parameters by index from the following:

* `config.client_id`
* `config.client_secret`
* `config.redirect_uri`
* `config.login_redirect_uri`
* `config.logout_redirect_uri`

Indexing starts from `1`. If no such index is found, then the index of `1`

> is used. You can also you the actual `client_id` and then we use the index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is used. You can also use the actual `client_id` and then we use the index
```

> of the `config.client_id` to rest of the parameters (and fallback to `1` if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the `config.client_id` for the rest of the parameters (and fallback to `1` if
```

message to something else.

#### config.forbidden_destroy_session

Whether or not to destroy session cookie when the request was forbidden.

Default                     | Required
:--------------------------:|:-------:
`true`                      | `no`

> You may want to turn this off in case you want to keep users logged in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to turn this off in case you want to keep users logged in,
```

* `"user,groups"`

#### config.authorization_endpoint

You can use this parameter to override the authorization endpoint
announced in OpenID Connect discovery document. Or you can specify
one if you don't have OpenID Connect discovery.

#### config.authorization_query_args_names

> Extra arguments names that you want to include in authorization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extra argument names that you want to include in the authorization
```

endpoint query string.

#### config.authorization_query_args_values

> Values for the extra arguments that you want to include in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values for the extra arguments that you want to include in the
```

authorization endpoint query string.

#### config.authorization_query_args_client

Extra dynamic arguments that are passed from client to authorization

> endpoint. E.g. specify arguments such as `login_hint` with this config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
endpoint, e.g., specify arguments such as `login_hint` with this config
```

(from requerst)   | `no`

#### config.token_endpoint

You can use this parameter to override the token endpoint
announced in OpenID Connect discovery document. Or you can specify
one if you don't have OpenID Connect discovery.

#### config.token_endpoint_auth_method

If you want to override defaults or information coming from OpenID
Connect Discovery claim `token_endpoint_auth_methods_supported`,

> you can use this parameter override the authentication method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can use this parameter to override the authentication method
```

we use to authenticate on `token_endpoint` as a confidential
client. Possible values are:

* `"none"`
* `"client_secret_basic"`
* `"client_secret_post"`

> If none is specified, we use either one of the method found in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If none is specified, we use either one of the methods found in
```

`token_endpoint_auth_methods_supported` or `"client_secret_basic"`.

> For client credentials grant we don't support `"none"` as it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the client credentials grant we don't support `"none"` as it
```

> does not make any sense as there got to be those credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
does not make any sense for those credentials
```

> to be present. You can still configure this to `"none"` it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be present. You can still configure this property to `"none"`, it is
```

> just that for client credentials grant it is ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
just that for the client credentials grant, it is ignored.
```

#### config.token_headers_names

> Extra arguments names that you want to include in token endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extra argument names that you want to include in the token endpoint
```

request headers.

#### config.token_headers_values

Values for the extra arguments that you want to include in
token endpoint request headers.

#### config.token_headers_client

> When Kong calls token endpoint, you can specify the headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Kong calls the token endpoint, you can specify the headers
```

> that Kong will pass to token endpoint from client request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that Kong will pass to the token endpoint from client request
```

headers.

#### config.token_headers_replay

> When Kong calls token endpoint, you can specify the headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Kong calls the token endpoint, you can specify the headers
```

(from the token endpoint response) that you want the Kong
to send back to the client.

#### config.token_headers_prefix

> If you want you can prefix the token endpoint headers with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want, you can prefix the token endpoint headers with
```

a string to differentiate them from other headers.

#### config.token_headers_grants

You can limit the grants for which the token headers are replayed:

* `"password"`
* `"client_credentials"`
* `"authorization_code"`

#### config.token_post_args_names

> Extra arguments names that you want to include in token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extra argument names that you want to include in the token
```

> endpoint post args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
endpoint post arguments.
```

#### config.token_post_args_values

Values for the extra arguments that you want to include

> in token endpoint post args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the token endpoint post arguments.
```

#### config.token_post_args_client

Extra dynamic arguments that are passed from client to token
endpoint.

#### config.introspection_endpoint

OAuth 2.0 introspection endpoint is not defined in OpenID Connect
standards or OpenID Connect Discovery. Still some OpenID providers
announce the introspection endpoint in discovery document. Kong
tries hard to figure out the introspection endpoint, but sometimes
it is not possible through automation. With this configuration
parameter you can specify a URL for your issuer's introspection
endpoint.

#### config.introspection_hint

Some providers such as `WSO2` don't implement OAuth 2.0 introspection
standard correctly, and they want to have `token_type_hint` argument
with value `bearer` instead of `access_token` when introspecting
access tokens. With this parameter you can change the value of the
`token_type_hint` argument that the plugin will pass to introspection
endpoint when introspecting access tokens.

#### config.introspection_headers_names

Extra arguments names that you want to include in introspection

> request headers (e.g. use this to override `Authorization` header).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
request headers (e.g., use this to override `Authorization` header).
```

#### config.introspection_headers_values

Values for the extra arguments that you want to include in
introspection request headers.

#### config.introspection_post_args_names

> Extra arguments names that you want to include in introspection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extra argument names that you want to include in introspection
```

> endpoint post args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
endpoint post arguments.
```

#### config.introspection_post_args_values

Values for the extra arguments that you want to include

> in introspection endpoint post args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in introspection endpoint post arguments.
```

#### config.introspection_post_args_client

Extra dynamic arguments that are passed from client to introspection
endpoint.

#### config.introspect_jwt_tokens

You can turn this option on (`true`) to enable introspection of
JWT Bearer tokens. This enables checking of revoked JWT tokens,

> but it adds latency to request. So if you enable this, it is good

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but it adds latency to requests. If you enable this, it is advisable
```

> to make Kong to IdP traffic as fast as possible. We still cache

Reviewer: @bungle I'm confused here--It is a good idea to make Kong _listen_ to IdP traffic? I think the verb is missing here.

Author: I removed the whole sentence. It is already said in previous that it will add latency. It is not about Kong listening IdP traffic, what I meant there was just that user should ensure that kong to idp latency is as small as possible when Kong makes http calls to IdP endpoint because all that latency will also be added to proxied request (though as explained later, we do cache if configured so, and thus it affects the most on the cold node).

introspection results if `config.cache_introspection` is enabled.
So in environments where you require absolutely up-to-date information
about token revocation, you should disable `config.cache_introspection`.

> If you do so, Kong will then always call IdP's introspection endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do so, Kong will then always call the IdP's introspection endpoint
```

> before deciding whether or not to allow processing continue, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
before deciding whether or not to allow processing to continue, and
```

ultimately proxying to upstream service.

Default | Required
:------:|:-------:
`false` | `no`

#### config.revocation_endpoint

> If revocation endpoint is not defined in OpenID Connect discovery document,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If revocation endpoint is not defined in the OpenID Connect discovery document,
```

you can use this parameter to define one manually.

#### config.end_session_endpoint

> Usually this is defined in OpenID Connect discovery document, but you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, this property is defined in OpenID Connect discovery document, but you can
```

use this parameter to define one manually. If either this parameter is specified

> or end session endpoint is found in discovery document, this plugin will,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or an end session endpoint is found in the discovery document, this plugin will,
```

on logout, redirect client to here.

#### config.token_exchange_endpoint

When you specify this parameter, the plugin will call the token exchange
endpoint to exchange the access token with a new one before proxying to
upstream.

> The plugin will send HTTP POST request to this endpoint with valid access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin will send an HTTP POST request to this endpoint with a valid access
```

token added as a bearer token in `Authorization: Bearer` header. The plugin
expects the token exchange endpoint to response with HTTP status code `200`

> and the new access token needs to be in the response body. Please make it sure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the new access token needs to be in the response body. Please ensure
```

> that the access token is correctly encoded (e.g. use JWT Compact Encoding),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the access token is correctly encoded (e.g., use JWT Compact Encoding),
```

> so that the token can be used e.g. in upstream service request headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so that the token can be used, e.g., in upstream service request headers.
```

Redis authentication password.

#### config.reverify

> If you are utilizing session based authentication method. Then by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a session-based authentication method, then by
```

* `"session_state"`

#### config.jwt_session_cookie

> Defines a name of the cookie that contains a value for a claim that is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines the name of the cookie that contains a value for a claim that is
```

`"header,query,body"` | `no`

#### config.id_token_param_name

> Because there is no such standard that defines how the id token should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because there is no such standard that defines how the ID token should
```

be send to a server for verification this parameter solves one half of

> the puzzle by defining the parameters name where the plugin should look

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the puzzle by defining the parameter's name where the plugin should look
```

> for the id token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the ID token.
```

The ID token can only be sent with the access token. It cannot be used
alone for authentication (at least in current implementation, and we 
encourage not to use it for authentication).

**Examples:**

* `"idtoken"`
* `"idt"`
* `"X-ID-Token"`

#### config.refresh_token_param_type

> This parameter is the another half of the puzzle of how the refresh token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter is another half of the puzzle of how the refresh token
```

is delivered for verification (another one being `config.refresh_token_param_name`).
The HTTP protocol provides a few methods for information delivery to
the server:

1. URL Query String
2. HTTP Headers
3. HTTP Body

> (servers do not generally deal with url `#fragments`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(servers do not generally deal with URL `#fragments`).
```

For query string and HTTP headers we do look for a value defined with
`config.refresh_token_param_type`. For HTTP Body we support several ways of delivery:

1. `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`
2. `application/json`

There we look for a value defined with `config.refresh_token_param_name`.

> Based on the above the supported values for this configuration parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the above, the supported values for this configuration parameter
```

> are (or any combination of them):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are (in any combination):
```

Value         | Enabled by Default | Description
:------------:|:------------------:|------------
`"header"`    | `yes`              | If specified, tries to find refresh token from the HTTP header.
`"query"`     | `yes`              | If specified, tries to find refresh token from the URL's query string.
`"body"`      | `yes`              | If specified, tries to find refresh token from the HTTP request body (according to the possiblities defined above).

Here are the unconfigured defaults:

Default               | Required
:--------------------:|:-------:
`"header,query,body"` | `no`

#### config.refresh_token_param_name

Because there is no such standard that defines how the refresh token
or offline token should be sent to a server for verification, this

> parameter solves half of the puzzle by defining the parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter solves half of the puzzle by defining the parameter's
```

name where the plugin should look for the refresh token.

**Examples:**

* `"refresh_token"`
* `"X-Refresh-Token"`
* `"Offline-Token"`

#### config.refresh_tokens

Specifies whether or not the plugin should try to refresh (soon to be)
expired access tokens if the plugin has a `refresh_token` available.
This is most useful with `session` authentication, as the session can

> possibly live longer than the access token. If expired access token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
possibly live longer than the access token. If an expired access token
```

to upstream, you can do so by setting this parameter.

#### config.upstream_session_id_header

> We can pass the session id to upstream service if you need that,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can pass the session ID to the upstream service if needed,
```

perhaps for single sign-out. You can delete Redis or Memcached

> stored session id's when signing out. By default the keys are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stored session IDs when signing out. By default, the keys are
```

`sessions:<session-id>` that you need to delete on SSO. The plugin
does not currently support session revocation lists.

#### config.downstream_access_token_header

> If you want to inject access token in downstream headers (response),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to inject an access token in downstream headers (response),
```

you can use this configuration parameter to specify the name of the header
where the access token is injected. By default we don't inject access token
in response headers.

#### config.downstream_access_token_jwk_header

Similar to `config.upstream_access_token_jwk_header, but this time for downstream (response).

#### config.downstream_id_token_header

> Specify a name of the `downstream` (response) header where the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the name of the `downstream` (response) header where the
```

> id token is injected (if any). By default we don't inject

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ID token is injected (if any). By default, we don't inject
```

> id tokens to downstream headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ID tokens to downstream headers.
```

#### config.downstream_id_token_jwk_header

Similar to `config.upstream_id_token_jwk_header`, but this time for downstream (response).

#### config.downstream_refresh_token_header

> Specify a name of the `downstream` (response) header where the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the name of the `downstream` (response) header where the
```

> refresh token is injected (if any). By default we don't inject

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refresh token is injected (if any). By default, we don't inject
```

too, so the refresh token will not be revoked

#### config.credential_claim

> If consumer cannot be found or you don't want to use consumer mapping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the consumer cannot be found or you don't want to use consumer mapping
```

> this property allows you to set Kong credential by arbitrary claim. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this property allows you to set Kong credentials by an arbitrary claim. This
```

> allows e.g. rate-limiting by arbitrary claim. All credentials share same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allows, for example, rate-limiting by an arbitrary claim. All credentials share the same
```

> limits, but each has limit of their own. If you want to give someone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
limits, but each has a limit of its own. If you want to give someone
```

doesn't support it, then it might be reasonable to try turning this off.

#### config.verify_claims

You can turn off all the claims verification with this option. Generally
it is not recommended, but you can use this for debugging purposes.

> Signature will still be verified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A signature will still be verified.
```

Additional claims verification (e.g. `config.scopes_required`) will still
be checked if defined.

#### config.verify_signature

You can turn off all the signature verification with this option. Generally
it is not recommended, but you can use this for debugging purposes.
Claims will still be verified.

#### config.ignore_signature

You can turn off access token signature verification on specified flows or
grant types. This feature was added because Microsoft Azure AD gives JWT
access tokens that point to a JWT with `kid` that Microsoft has not published
to public, thus it is impossible to verify signature of such tokens.

You can use following values:

* `password`
* `client_credentials`
* `authorization_code`
* `refresh_token`
* `session`

The `bearer` is not an option for security purposes. If you really want to
skip bearer signature verification, then turn `config.verify_signature` off,
but that practically means that any token can be sent.

#### config.cache_ttl

> Th default cache expiry time in seconds. In many cases the expiry is stored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default cache expiry time in seconds. In many cases the expiry is stored
```
